Update metadata API retention limits (#2084)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-api/metadata/metadata-overview.md

id: "metadata-overview"
---

## About the Metadata API
Every time that dbt Cloud runs a dbt project, it generates metadata which pertains to the accuracy, recency, configuration, and structure of the <Term id="view">views</Term> and tables in the warehouse. dbt Cloud serves a GraphQL API which supports arbitrary queries over this metadata; the endpoint for this API is `https://metadata.cloud.getdbt.com/graphql`. This API is an incredibly rich resource for evaluating data health longitudinally or at a point in time.

## Prerequisites

The metadata API is available to accounts on the _Team_ and _Enterprise_ plans, for any version >= dbt v0.19.0. Please note that artifacts generated with a version of dbt _less than_ v0.19.0 will not be accessible via the dbt Cloud Metadata API.

## How to browse the API

We also provide a [graphical explorer](https://metadata.cloud.getdbt.com/graphiql) for this API where you can run ad-hoc queries or browse the schema. As GraphQL provides a self-describing API, the schema shown in the GraphiQL interface is an accurate representation of the graph and fields available to query on at any point in time.

## Retention limits for data

> You can query data from the previous 90 days using the Metadata API.

Reviewer: I think we should write 3 months, technically we're exposing slightly more than 90 days to ensure we cover a 3 month time line. We're using moment.js to include exactly three months, so if we to use today as an example the user could query June 27th through today.

Author: OK rewrote that, @ashnm!

> You can query data from the previous 90 days using the Metadata API.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the Metadata API to query data from the previous 3 months. For example, If today is March 1, you can query data back to January 1st.
```

---
title: "Metadata API"
id: "metadata-overview"
---

## About the metadata API

Every time that dbt Cloud runs a dbt project, it generates metadata which pertains to the accuracy, recency, configuration, and structure of the <Term id="view">views</Term> and tables in the warehouse. dbt Cloud serves a GraphQL API which supports arbitrary queries over this metadata; the endpoint for this API is `https://metadata.cloud.getdbt.com/graphql`. This API is an incredibly rich resource for evaluating data health longitudinally or at a point in time.

## Prerequisites

> The metadata API is available to accounts on the _Team_ and _Enterprise_ plans, for any version >= dbt v0.19.0. Please note that artifacts generated with a version of dbt _less than_ v0.19.0 will not be accessible via the dbt Cloud metadata API.

Reviewer 2: Is there a page we can link to that discusses how to upgrade a plan if they don't meet the pre-reqs?

Author: Added a link to the upgrade guides!

> The metadata API is available to accounts on the _Team_ and _Enterprise_ plans, for any version >= dbt v0.19.0. Please note that artifacts generated with a version of dbt _less than_ v0.19.0 will not be accessible via the dbt Cloud metadata API.

Author: ```suggestion
The metadata API is available to accounts on the _Team_ and _Enterprise_ plans, for any version >= dbt v0.19.0. Please note that artifacts generated with a version of dbt _less than_ v0.19.0 will not be accessible via the dbt Cloud metadata API. For information on upgrading, see "[Version migration guides](https://docs.getdbt.com/guides/migration/versions)."
```

## How to browse the API

We also provide a [graphical explorer](https://metadata.cloud.getdbt.com/graphiql) for this API where you can run ad-hoc queries or browse the schema. As GraphQL provides a self-describing API, the schema shown in the GraphiQL interface is an accurate representation of the graph and fields available to query on at any point in time.

## Retention limits for data

> You can use the metadata API to query data from the previous 3 months. For example, If today is March 1, you can query data back to January 1st.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the metadata API to query data from the previous 3 months. For example, if today was March 1, you could query data back to January 1st.
```
